project using Blockchain for Aution Management.


e-Auction improves the efficiency of bid transaction. However, the protection of bidders’ privacy, transaction fairness and verifiability, transaction data security, high cost of third-party auction center, and other issues have attracted more attention. According to the transaction process and basic principles of the sealed auction, we explored the problems existing in the current sealed-bid e-auction schemes. Based on the blockchain technology, we proposed a sealed-bid e-auction scheme with smart contract technology, Bulletproofs zero-knowledge proof protocols, and Pedersen commitment algorithm. The proposed scheme constructed an auction mechanism without the third-party auctioneer so as to restrict the behaviors of auction parties for the sake of auction security, reliability, fairness, and privacy protection. Compared with the related sealed e-auction schemes based on blockchain technologies in six metrics, we conducted the experiment to show that the proposed scheme protected the bid information from leakage well and successfully verified the winning bid price and the related bidder by all transaction participants without the third-party auctioneer.

1. Introduction
Auction is a common and traditional way to sell goods that are not easy to value. In the transaction, there is a serious information asymmetry between the seller and the buyers. Buyers usually have a strong incentive to hold down prices. Because the seller does not know the important information of the buyer’s valuation, the one-turn pricing transaction cannot guarantee the effective allocation of scarce resources. That is, it cannot guarantee the buyer who is considered to be the most valuable owner of the goods. Auction with the reasonable market trading rules makes the full use of the competition between buyers to achieve the effective allocation of resources and other objectives. Since auction plays an important role in resource allocation, many researchers have conducted studies on the improvement of the mechanism of auction. For example, William Vickrey was awarded the Nobel Economics Prize (1996) for his auction theory. Paul Milgrom and Robert Wilson won the Nobel Economics Prize (2020) for their improvements to auction theory and inventions of new auction formats.

In different markets, traditional auctions are divided into sealed-bid auctions and open-bid auctions according to whether the auction price is open or not. In the sealed-bid auctions, the bidders cast their bids secretly before the bid deadline; then the auctioneer opens the bids and selects the winner according to the auction rules. The open-bid auctions are divided into English auctions and Dutch auctions, which are often used in commodity transactions among individuals. Compared with the open-bid auctions, the sealed-bid auctions only reveal the winning bid price, while the bid price of other bidders is kept secret. Sealed-bid auctions can effectively protect the anonymity of the bidders’ identity and the privacy of the bid price. The efficiency of the sealed-bid auctions is also higher than that of the open-bid auctions. Therefore, sealed-bid auctions are mainly used for transactions between enterprises.

With the popularity of the Internet and the rapid development of e-commerce, e-auctions, as a new and efficient form of auctions, provide a fair trading environment for buyers and sellers and are time- and cost-efficient. For the transactions of enterprise assets, sealed-bid e-auctions attract more bidders to participate, and the benefits of the owner of the goods (the seller) are better guaranteed. However, in the complex Internet environment, the defects of traditional e-auctions, such as privacy disclosure and centralized private verification, limit the application of e-auctions. Although most of the current researches on sealed-bid e-auctions are trying to use encryption technology and multiparty multiround computation to solve the untrustworthy problem of third-party auctioneers, it is still a great challenge to establish an all-in-one scheme to prevent information leakage and identify fraud and repudiation in the increasingly complex Internet environment.

In recent years, the blockchain technology was successfully applied in e-cash, intellectual property protection, evidence fixation, reputation systems, Internet of things (IoT), financial services, and energy trading [1–3]. Researchers have been trying to migrate e-auctions to blockchains. Theoretically speaking, the decentralization feature of blockchains can effectively remove the negative effects caused by the third-party auctioneer, and meanwhile, it can save the auction intermediary costs. The consensus mechanism, information encryption, smart contracts, and other technologies related to blockchains can automate the auction process without any deliberate intervention. Even if blockchain technology is faced with security issues such as majority attack and double spending, some studies have tried technologies such as machine learning to make blockchain-based applications more resilient against attacks [4, 5]. Therefore, the confidentiality of the auction data, the fairness of the auction activities, the auction commitment, and the nontampering of the auction results are well guaranteed.
